Whenever I have been in school, I have always had to work to get a good grade in a class. I have always been good at this making sure that I always had good grades. Many times this did stress me out and there were many times where I felt the grade I recieved didn't match the grade I felt I deserved. I think the clearest example for me was 11th grade chemistry. I remember working really hard to learn the concepts and how to balance chemical equatios but somehow I had learned how to do it in a way that was different from how the teacher taught us. As a result, on the test, I ended up with a really bad grade on it. This was regardless of the fact that all my answers were correct. I hadn't shown the "proper work" so I got a really bad grade on it as a result and I was incredibly frustrated and never really enjoyed Chemistry since. \
I think that grades tend to represent what a person has memorised at least for a short period of time. While I think they do do an alright job at that, I think that they do a very poor job measuring any long term retention and I would say that even many of the things I was tested on last year have been somewhat forgotten. I have personally never had a huge problem with grades because I've always worked so hard to make sure they were good. However, I would certainly admit that I've dealt with a lot of stress to maintain the grades I want. \
I think that if grades were removed, the motivation would have to be the satisfaction you get from learning something new. Without that underlying motivation that grades have, the motivation wold have to come from learning new things and feeling like your time was well spent. I've certainly done this even with grades as I certainly feel better or worse about what I learned in a class even if I had achieved the same grade. \
I had to do a statistics project but I was already pretty swamped and I didn't want to have to research and write up and entirely new project. Therefore, I simply took an old project I had already done and gotten a good grade on and essentially reused it for the class. Even though I did get a good grade on it in the end, it felt wrong to me and I didn't really feel like I had learned what I needed to learn from doing that project honestly.
